in this video I'm going to show you how
to tether your internet from your iphone
5 running iOS 6 or higher to your tablet
or any other device you want to tether
your internet to you have to have a
jailbroken iphone and you have to have
cydia installed you go into cydia and
you search for this pdanet and you
install this package right here pdanet
6.02 now you can get it for a couple of
dollars off of mod my I source or you
can get it for free from xsellize that's
your choice they also have the same
version i did buy mine like i always do
i like to support the makers of these
applications because they're good
applications once you get done install
you get this icon pdanet on your
springboard once you open this this is
what you get now let me introduce you to
this the reason i'm choosing this one
and the reason i'm recommending this
there's two compared to any other one
that's out there this one will hide you
activity okay if you using this AT&T
will not be able to see your activity
out there see that you're tethering if
you using any other one from Cydia AT&T
will be able to see and monitor what
you're doing and they might be able to
kick you off your unlimited or charge
you more money you use pdanet this one
you have the option to hide tether right
there you turn that on okay before you
do anything turn that on and then AT&T
will not be able to see that you're
doing this so therefore there can I
charge you the extra ten dollars that
they like to charge in their plans okay
once you have this up you click Wi-Fi
hotspot you enter I mean you should
enter it SSID and a passport password so
that way no one else logs into this
you you click activate and now if you go
to your tablet you will see this network
it will show this as one of the
available networks knee can connect to
it with this password okay the good
thing about this you can also use this
to give Internet to your computer okay
you know the best thing is you can use
it for the ipad or android tablet for
anything you need wireless internet out
there you can tether your internet from
this phone to any device you want as
long as you have this installed okay you
do get a trial version when you first
get it for a few days just to try it out
to make sure it works on your phone
after that I'm not sure it's a few
dollars down in the bottom when you
first get is going to say trial once you
pay for it it will say full edition as
you can see here the other options you
can do tethering through the USB Wi-Fi
client you know you can like I say you
can give it give internet to your
computer to the USB and you know you
have quite a few different options here
and I think that this is one of the best
ones out there just because 18 he cannot
come after you for using this ok any
other one out there AT&T might be able
to see you using it this one you are
safe believe me I'm telling you this
from experience I did get emails from
AT&T when I was using the other one I'm
not going to name it the other app from
cydia I paid ten dollars to to use it
and I was using that for a few months
and AT&T I sent me an email saying
they're gonna take away my limited just
because I was tethering okay i tells me
without paying them the extra ten
dollars so i deleted that and i went
with a PDA net and this one right here
you're totally safe with it okay if this
video is helping you out at all please
subscribe comments i do like when people
comment i tried to reapply to everybody
and i look forward to seeing you under
thank you bye